Welcome back.
Let's use snapshot testing to test some of these other simple presentational components that are completely
stateless.
So we saw how easy that is.
So let me make this a little bit smaller.
And make sure we were on NPM test to have it running in the background.
We see that our test or our car component is being tested now.
So let's create another one.
Let's create a test for the Carlist component.
I'm going to remove the console log here because we don't need it and let's create a car list.
Test file card list that test dodginess
And again it's failing because we need to make sure we have at least a single test.
We can actually go back to card that test us and just copy and paste this go to Carlists component copy
and paste whatever we had and just change our component to cardless.
So let's just do that quickly.
You can just select all of the sensei card list let me save and we have some Filcher.
Let's see why we see that we get a type error cannot every property map of undefined and that is because
card list you see Card component is just rendering name and email but it's not doing anything to it.
So if it doesn't get name in email I'll just render undefined when we go to card list we see that we're
actually receiving the robots and we need to map over them.
But in our test we're rendering card or Musco to Carlist.
I'm going to close this so you don't get confused.
We're not passing down robots.
So in this test when we try and render Carlist it's going to fail because there's no robots to map over.
So let's fix that.
All we need to do here is just mock our robots so we can just say Konst robots or Leger's say mock robots
is going to equal an array of some dummy data that we can create.
So let's say that this is going to have an ID of one and we'll have the name of John Snow.
Let's say username is going to be John John.
And let's say that e-mail.
I don't think we're using your user name but I wanted to give that user name anyway.
It's going to be on at gmail dot com.
Now we can just pass our mock robots
as the robots.
So let's see if that works.
I'm going to save.
All right.
And we have our tests passing and if we go to our snapshot we see that we have a card list snapshot
as well.
That's good.
Our tests failed because we werent passing robots.
And while we want to make sure that we actually pass those properties and you can imagine you can probably
do the same thing with card as well or maybe have a default in this component where if you don't receive
name email and I.D. that it has some sort of an error boundary or an output that it does for the user.
We now see the power of snapshot testing we see how we can mock some of our properties and you might
want to just go ahead and do snapshot testing for some of these other cases that are quite simple to
do to increase our test coverage.
And I'm going to leave that up to you because.
Well just to give you a bit of extra practice.
So let's move on to the next video where we do some things that are a little bit more difficult.
But just to check.
Let's do our coverage to make sure that our coverage for the Carlist is now looking good.
All right do make this a little bit bigger and we see that.
Yep look at that.
Feels good getting 100 percent doesn't it.
Carlists component is now well tested as well.
I'll see in the next one by.